chore: clean up JetBrains resource requirements (#813)
coder/docs: images/writing.md

RUN mkdir -p /opt/[IDE]
RUN curl -L \
"https://download.jetbrains.com/product?code=[CODE]&latest&distribution=linux" \
| tar -C /opt/[IDE] --strip-components 1 -xzvf -

# Add a binary to the PATH that points to the IDE startup script.
RUN ln -s /opt/[IDE]/bin/idea.sh /usr/bin/[IDE]
```

Make sure that you replace `[IDE]` with the name of the IDE in lowercase and
provide its
[corresponding `[CODE]`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/product-codes.html).

> More specifically, here's how to install the IntelliJ IDE onto your image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More specifically, here's how to install IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition into your image:
```

```Dockerfile
# Dockerfile
FROM ...

USER root

# Install intellij
RUN mkdir -p /opt/idea
RUN curl -L "https://download.jetbrains.com/product?code=IIC&latest&distribution=linux" \
| tar -C /opt/idea --strip-components 1 -xzvf -

> # Add a binary to the PATH that points to the Intellij startup script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a symbolic link in PATH that points to the Intellij startup script.
```
